"Blend of Cultures"
Author: Wu Siyuan


Realistic meaning

1. It can provide more employment opportunities.
Different cultures often have their own unique things (either material, spiritual, or behavioral, etc.) that are seen by outsiders, which can give birth to or enrich related industry.
Things like computers, cars, ships, airplanes, telephones, etc., were unimaginable by the ancients, and these things were brought by Western culture and created various employment opportunities.

2. People's material and spiritual life can be enriched.
In ancient times, people did not have many pastimes, such as playing the flute, playing the erhu, playing the guzheng, singing, fishing, playing chess, reading, painting, playing mahjong, writing poetry, drinking, arranging flowers, tasting tea, basically that's all.
Today, the introduction of various western musical instruments (such as piano, violin, guitar, saxophone, etc.);
the inventions of various electronic products (such as video recorders, televisions, stereos, etc.);
the production of various mobile or electronic games;
the entry of various dishes and ingredients;
the references of various styles (architectural, costume, decorative);
the collision of various ideas (scientific, artistic, cultural, religious, etc.);
......
All of these things have greatly enriched people's lives.

3. The stability of the system (society) will be higher.
A learning-incapacitated system is dangerous: you never know how far someone else's tech culture can develop and what kind of threat it poses to yourself.
A closed system is often less resistant to risks - in nature, we can easily find various examples.
As far as society is concerned, if it is closed for a long time and does not contact and communicate with the outside world, it is likely to become vulnerable and abandoned by the times.
Note 1: Why does a closed system (society) become vulnerable? Maybe it's because its own technology level has fallen behind, maybe because the internal competition has become more vicious, frenzied, and finally collapsed.
Note 2: Why was it abandoned by the times? It may be because others are jealous of you, it may be because others want to assimilate you, or they are greedy for you, all of which are reasons for doing something against you.
Note 3: The blending of cultures does not mean that all cultures (good or bad) must be learned, absorbed or accepted.


Cultural Plates and the Current Situation of Conflict

There can be many reasons for conflicts between cultures: it may be because of lack of respect and trust between them; it may be because a certain culture is aggressive and will actively assimilate or exclude another culture; it may be because some history, interests, or racial factors....
Note 1: The concept of "respect" is rather vague and has a considerable degree of subjectivity. As far as I understand, respect should contain at least two aspects. First, based on the understanding of the other party, discover its merits. Second, even if you want to criticize what you do not recognize or accept, you must be able to maintain sufficient rationality.
Note 2: The concept of "trust" is quite difficult. It is difficult to gain trust between people, not to mention between countries, races and races, civilizations and civilizations.

----The current mainstream cultural sectors in the world are as follows----

Indian religious and cultural sector: belief in polytheism, based on karma, retribution, reincarnation, caste system, abstinence and other elements as the theoretical basis, and advocates the practice of the current world in exchange for the enjoyment of the afterlife. Not aggressive, but relatively passive, mainly Hinduism, Buddhism (Mahayana, Theravada), Sikhism and Jainism.
Note 1: There are many ways to practice, such as abstinence (but there is sexual worship), penance, ordination, sexual intercourse, meditation, etc.
Note 2: Buddhism advocates "equality of all living beings", which is in conflict with the caste system, so there are not many believers in India. After several reforms, Buddhism was integrated into East Asian culture.

Abrahamic religion and culture section: belief in "the only true God", against idolatry, strong offensive (believers have a strong sense of mission and strong exclusivity), mainly Judaism, Christianity (Protestant, Catholic, Orthodox), Islam (Sunni, Shia)
Note 1: The "one true God" mentioned here refers to the same God¡ªthe gods revered by these several religions are actually the same one, but they are called differently. Abraham and Ibrahim, Adam and Adam, Musa and Moses, Jesus and Isa, Noah and Noah, etc., in the scriptures of different sects, the stories and names of the characters are pronounced the same or similar.
Since they all believe in the same god, why are they fighting each other? There are historical factors (all have their own development and reform) and human factors (the interpretation of the classics varies from one to another), and the believers are very religious and cannot tolerate heresies, so that's it.

Note 2: Although the three religions were born at different times (ancient Judaism about the 20th century BC, Christianity about the 1st century AD, and Islam about the 7th century AD), their origins can all be traced back to Abraham, who is considered to be the The founder of the special relationship between God and the Jews, and the common ancestor of the Hebrews (Jews) and the Arabs.

Note 3: To oppose idolatry means to oppose authoritarianism (including concepts such as monopoly, autocracy, dictatorship, etc.), because the existence of authoritarianism itself requires a certain worship of personal charm. This charm may come from power, money, or personality and so on.

Note 4: Christianity has a high degree of secularization because it experienced the reformation movement in the sixteenth century.
Most Western countries believe in Christianity, and often spread ideology and develop believers in the name of human rights. They believe that human rights are bestowed on human beings by God, and they believe that God's influence on people is higher than that of secular regime, so there is a saying that human rights are higher than sovereignty.
Supplementary Note: Without God, shouldn't people have human rights? No, it's just that human rights should no longer be given a religious color, or even robbed and used by them.

Note 5: Islam is more exclusive, and its degree of secularization depends on the degree of compromise between the secular regime and Islamic thought (extreme part) - this is not necessarily a struggle process, it may just be a choice. When the secular regime cannot constrain Islamic thought (the extreme part) with laws, the people can only submit to it.

Supplementary Note: In addition to laws, factors such as traditional culture (traditional clothing, eating habits, festivals, etc.), foreign cultures (cultures holding other beliefs), interests, education or medical care will also have an impact on the secularization of religion.

Confucian culture section: Traditionally there is no specific "God" belief, but it cannot be said that there is no "God" belief at all, because the "Son of Heaven" itself has the color of "God", and holds the ideas of "benevolence, righteousness, courtesy, wisdom, filial piety, loyalty, courage and sincerity". , the scope of influence is mainly in East Asia.
Note 1: There are reasons why Confucianism can stand out among many ideas: only authoritarianism can manage such a large land, integrate various ethnic groups, cultures, and beliefs, and deal with various natural disasters and complex geopolitics.
Supplementary Note: Authoritarianism and liberalism are a unity of opposites - absolute freedom produces absolute evil, and absolute evil requires absolute authority to govern, and vice versa.

To analyze the culture of a place, there are many factors to be considered comprehensively. In addition to beliefs, there are also historical traditions, ethnic composition, language, literary classics, geographical location, land area, population and other factors.


Blend of cultures

Between cultures, there are both conflicts and the need for cooperation, so how should they get along? - This involves the issue of cultural blending. Blending requires rules, so who formulates these rules? and How should it be formulated?

The first question, when trust does not exist (conflict is inevitable), can only be dominated by oneself and make rules by oneself.
The second question needs to take into account factors such as the times, local conditions, and humanistic quality, so the introduction is omitted.


The end