"Climate War"
Author: Wu Siyuan


Global warming is on an irreversible path, and there is not much time left for human beings...

To reduce global temperature, the only way is to reduce the carbon dioxide content in the atmosphere - there are two ways to achieve this goal, the first is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, and the second is to solidify the carbon in the atmosphere, and then deep landfill.

Unfortunately, the above solutions are almost impossible to achieve: on the one hand, the cost is high, and on the other hand, countries around the world are not united.
Note 1: Will things improve after the "artificial sun" comes out? No, because oil and natural gas are not only used as fuels, but also as raw materials for many compounds (such as plastics, fertilizers, synthetic fibers, etc.) and chemicals.

In the foreseeable future, hot weather will make some areas uninhabitable - this is a global, systemic, no-smoke war, and only the winner will survive.
How should this battle be fought?
Since the global temperature is out of your control, you can only control the temperature where you live.

How to control?
Answer: Plant more trees. Increase forest cover in cities.
Note 1: There are many domestic and foreign researches in this area. You can find many research reports by searching for keywords "temperature", "forest coverage rate", "temperature difference", "surface temperature", etc.
Note 2: In the selection of tree species, those with wide crowns and large water storage (preferably evergreen) should be selected.
Note 3: Accordingly, the city should be planned well (street width, road greening, flower bed size and depth, floor spacing, number of rivers, lakes and reservoirs, etc. - places where people hang out should be covered with green trees.)
Additional note: Research and breeding of high temperature-resistant food crops need to be carried out in advance.


Doing a good job in landfilling of garbage still has a certain effect on carbon recovery:
1. First of all, we must do a good job of garbage classification, so as to reduce the waste of some resources.
Note 1: How to classify? I think it is enough to divide into two categories, one is "Metal and Glass", and the other is "Other".
Why are they classified this way?
Because "metal and glass" pollute the soil is the most persistent, classifying them into one category makes it easier to handle and reuse (especially metals); if the garbage is classified too much and too finely, it will be detrimental to the follow-up work - the quality and inertia of people (the person who throws the garbage and the sanitation worker who handles the garbage) must be taken into account.
Note 2: Different types of garbage must be handled by different batches of sanitation workers (if the same batch of workers is used, the result can only be that all the garbage is mixed together) - this will also make the public feel that Garbage sorting is carried out practically, so as to maintain the habit of garbage sorting.

2. Then landfill the garbage.
Note 1: Although this kind of landfill is not deep, it still has a certain effect on carbon recovery.
Note 2: Waste-to-energy is not a good method, it will generate a lot of carbon dioxide.



The end