"Exploration on the Method of Demonstrating Atheism"
Author: Wu Siyuan


Overview:
In theory, if a thing does not exist, then you have no way to prove that it does not exist-proof (existence) should be the responsibility of the proponents and supporters.

As far as ghosts and gods are concerned, the proponents and supporters can say that they (ghosts and gods) are in any dimension or space, or that they are composed of any unknowable material (not even necessarily material). No matter how perfect the scientific theory of the questioners and how advanced the detection equipment is, the proponents and supporters can cope with just one sentence: you don't know yet.

Indeed, science has bounds, but the unknown is boundless. As a result, the proponents and supporters of the ghost and god theory can always stand invincible. In this case, in order to demonstrate atheism, we cannot proceed directly from the concept of "existence" or "non-existence".

In detective science, there is a term called "alibi evidence", which says: if a person can provide enough evidence to prove that he was absent at the time of the crime, then he can be exempted-he has no conditions for crime.

Similarly, if we do not have enough evidence to prove that ghosts and gods do not exist, then we only have to start with their formation process and conditions-this is the starting point for demonstrating atheism.

We first assume that a human soul exists, and under the influence of certain external conditions or after death, it can leave the human body and then become a ghost or a god-this is a process in which a soul detaches from the body and enters other dimensions or spaces.Method 1 and Method 2 separately discuss the influence of external factors (natural factors) on this process, so as to achieve the purpose of demonstrating atheism.


Method one:
It can be known from the butterfly effect that the movement, change and development of anything will trigger a series of uncertain chain reactions. For example: a butterfly located in South America, and after flapping its wings, it can set off a tornado in North America two weeks later-this may be confusing to many people (after all, if this is the case, Then the world will be flooded with tornadoes)

The author was also puzzled at first(I feel very mysterious: from another perspective, can human beings achieve everything and do whatever they want with only their minds?), but later I found out that my understanding was wrong: There is actually no necessary connection between "Tornado appears" and "Butterfly flapping its wings"."Tornado appears" is just one of many possible outcomes after "Butterfly flapping its wings".

Why are there so many possible outcomes?

Because in the process of the chain reaction will encounter a variety of established things and interference factors(this is very important, because "a little error" often leads to "a large discrepancy")

Since a butterfly can't exactly set off a tornado by flapping its wings, is it possible for human beings to achieve everything and do whatever they want with only their minds?The answer is clearly no: after leaving the body, human brain waves can only affect the world in the form of chaos, so it is impossible to build things like heaven and hell.


Method two:
Suppose Zhang San got on a train in Beijing, and after sleeping for one night, he arrived in Shanghai-ah! Man is still alive, and the soul is still there: In an unconscious (sleeping) state, the human soul (regardless of which form it exists in) travels more than a thousand kilometers with the body. This shows that there is some kind of "force" interaction between the body and the soul, so that they are not separated by the train.

Since the body can affect the human soul, let alone the cruel nature, that is, after leaving the body, the human soul will be affected by nature and then exist in the world in the form of chaos.


The end